Add api example for sumbitting burst and multi burst jobs (#543)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: docs/using/api.md

}
```

> ## Submitting Sentinel-1 InSAR burst jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Submitting Sentinel-1 Burst InSAR jobs
```

> You can submit InSAR jobs using pairs of [ESA granule burst IDs](https://sentiwiki.copernicus.eu/web/s1-products#S1Products-BurstIDMapsS1-Products-Burst-ID-Maps){target=_blank} or mosaic lists of burst ID pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit InSAR jobs using the `INSAR_ISCE_BURST` job type, which takes a single pair of [ESA granule burst IDs](https://sentiwiki.copernicus.eu/web/s1-products#S1Products-BurstIDMapsS1-Products-Burst-ID-Maps){target=_blank}, or use the `INSAR_ISCE_MULTI_BURST` job type, which accepts lists of up to 15 contiguous along-track burst IDs to mosaic together to produce reference and secondary files.
```

Reviewer: There may also be merit to splitting the code into two sections, but I think it's okay this way (especially because the single-burst job type is on its way out).
